[Music]
guys so today I'm gonna be showing you
all how to make the eyelet stitch it's a
really elegant stitch that just adds a
twist to the project by creating a hole
in one of the stitches and I'm gonna be
doing this on every other peg on my
working project so that I get a kind of
window type look to this across the
project so to do this the first thing
I'm gonna do is you wrap that first peg
and I'm just hanging it off the second
peg which is gonna have the eyelet
stitch on it I'm gonna take the loop
that's on the peg currently and I'm
gonna move it all the way over to the
right to the next peg and place it on
there so now I have an empty peg and a
peg with two loops now I'm gonna take my
working yarn and place it in front of
that middle peg and I'm gonna go ahead
and wrap the last peg and I'm simply
going to knit and this is what it looks
like from the top just you do to see and
then I'm simply going to take the bottom
two loops and place them over the top
just like I normally normally do it unit
it's just a little bit harder because
you're knitting off so many once again I
am going to take the middle loop and put
it over the next peg if I can't get it
also note is it's tricky to get both
strands
and then I'm taking my working yarn and
placing it in front of that empty peg
and I'm going ahead and I wrap around
the next peg and then knitting two over
one and then I'm just gonna do it again
here you do need three stitches or three
pegs I should say to complete the eyelid
stitch and you can obviously do back to
back to back now I'm going to go ahead
and knit three rows in between this
eyelet stitch for a pattern and that
stitches are great tooth red ribbon
through or yard and just or just add a
lace like look to you the project that
you're doing so once again I show you
for the last I'm going to do this you're
just gonna knit off your app and then
off that first peg take the middle pegs
loop move it to the right one peg take
the working yarn in front of the middle
peg and then I wrap around the last peg
and then simply knit the two loops over
the one loop on that last day so I
created this height using the eyelet
stitch i knitted two rows than I did in
high Latrobe needed two rows island
throw them in two rows by the row so I
really like this it created a lace like
look to it I think it's just really
elegant if you don't want a hat that's
gonna be so hot on a child's head you
know I mean it's a little bit more holy
so it's a little bit more breathable and
I was actually able to fit four eyelet
stitches across the top of the Hat so
you can obviously use this in any
project so I hope you found this
tutorial very helpful I had a blast
making it thank you so much for watching
this video
[Music]